I said why does the mall smell poor and sour?
It's you
I said why does the mall smell like nonsense?
Who are you?
Dare to talk to my baby like that
You don't want to hang out in Yuncheng, do you?
Han Shao
He's the sister I told you about
Gu Qingqingha
So he's the freshman you said
The sister who had a private meeting with the wild man outside
Sister, she looks pretty
No wonder you seduce men at a young age
Show respect to my wife
Who are you?
You are a poor worker, what is your name to me?
Do you know who I am?
Open your eyes and see clearly
This is the young master of the Han family in Yuncheng
Or the future heir of the group
Just a word from him
You and your poor working husband
Don't even think about giving Yuncheng a foothold
If only you two could kneel and kowtow for me
Apologize and rarely forgive your rudeness.
Korean Group
No. Have you?
Without you
Han Shao is the second largest wealthy family in Yuncheng
Second only to the Yan family
The eye of the sky is not a thing of Tarzan
Ten thousand years old
Don't be angry, Mr. Han
One of them is a poor household who was kicked out by the Gu family
One is a working poor
I can understand without knowing your status in Yuncheng
Humph, what grade of people also cooperate with this young master
In one place
You Bailey Mall
It has been reduced to this point
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, Mr. Han
Sorry to bother you.
I'll kick them out now.
This is not a place where you can come
Leave quickly